[Music]
hey guys so Lee and I are here at a
heart concert every free concert and 17
is performing
I don't know another big one but we
don't really know the other ones really
no 17 it looks like everyone's here for
17 because as soon as they're like name
and picture comes up on like a screen
ever screams yeah they're clearly
amateurs and shades and food and
everything and we literally did not come
prepared we're on the ground yes but an
hour and a half until the concert starts
so we're just going to chill
[Music]
[Applause]
so then I go throughout the day or
during 14 women in Sri Lanka day
possible apocalypse are there you have
to give oh you're not able to that's a
little tricky see a gorilla even though
she got picked on Yakko
[Music]
[Applause]
the Kara's Wow
[Music]
here's our boys
[Applause]
but really BTS is everywhere
[Music]
this is what happens when a kpop idol
has their birthdays oh my gosh look at
all the messages they're all so
beautiful they make sure not to cover up
his face though
this is so cool
you
this is the big hit building it's like
super discreet so we were wondering if
it was actually it but apparently it is
[Applause]
oh my god this guy's my hero
[Music]
my paypal in photo or something and they
didn't send me confirmation so
like parsley because I had to turn to my
Harvard housing like form in advising
forum and I was locked out because I was
out of the country so I was like having
my dad like call people like 3:00 a.m.
my time and waking up in between naps
really get on the boat like a headset
take a picture with like a fuse or deal
but you're here now
[Music]
we were supposed to be here 10:30 and
then I was trying to get a phone like a
SIM card and that wasn't working
I can't get that because I don't own my
phone and I read that so
that
my period of course and my friends were
being nice friends staying in the curry
in the Korean restaurant left a world
and now we're here in the world it is
Monday
and having weekend which is really nice
as classes start tomorrow so we decided
to just go to Ibiza right so yeah okay
we're gonna start walking okay stuff has
been an angel driven and everyone has
been so nice and you know what
everything has gone wrong but now I
think everything's different right we're
gonna have a really fun time and we're
an amusement park I'm happy there
yeah oh my god it's indoors
this is so cool oh it's okay
oh my god wait look at that
I want to ride that so badly
it's okay
now going on
they're getting their makeups on like
princesses
in that run episode we're gonna do it
yeah
[Music]
I think we're on a PR PR right I like
took us like in and out like things and
like spray to us and wood and water and
like made us look like you're going down
about like fire like fires there's a
line I really want to go on this
guys look I got yours they're so cute
there's look big tower that's where
we're going to go it's like a fairy tale
she's bought it with force strong Thank
You Starling this is literally our dump
my stomach so much he never ended we
have to that was so funny oh my god oh
my god
[Music]
I hope it's like Pirates of the
Caribbean all right
[Applause]
I hope this
yes
[Music]
all right that was really fun I didn't
really good time I was I'm really happy
right now I got my ears we went on the
swing we didn't read the roller coaster
because it was closed but next time and
we're gonna go eat at a Mexican
restaurant I think and get some
margaritas because we're illegal and
then we're gonna go to save power which
is right over there which is so cool
it's one of the coolest hours I've seen
oh my god I'm out of focus my camera
hates me
okay um here's math to be out of focus
but and then we're gonna at the top of
the tower and explore
[Music]
I'm so excited yes oh yes
so excited
go
[Music]
look how good that look I destroyed that
me ah we really did we really did oh
it's so pretty you don't think it's
right I'm gonna pretend it's for pride
oh hey everyone so the lighting in the
storm is horrible and I'm gonna try to
get new lights we just came back from
looked a world which was super fun and
it wasn't actually that crowded which
was really nice because we were going on
a Monday but some of the rides we had to
wait like pretty long for and some their
eyes are closed which was kind of sad
like the roller coaster which I really
wanted to go on but it was a lot of fun
we spent all day there and then we went
to the Lotte World Tower and the mall
and we were to go up in the tower but it
was like pretty expensive like $25 and
we wanted to go at a time when you're
like not super tired and we can actually
like explore up there and use the lounge
and like stay and we want to go so we
can stay to watch like sunset turn into
night time because the night time
supposed to be really fun and I slugged
my ears on I wore them the entire day
even on the subway even in the
restaurant that we went to after and got
some weird looks but you know what I
kind of just like them a lot so I kept
them on and we had a blast it was really
fun we were just laughing the entire
time and I just did a lot of stupid
stuff and I messed up and I dropped my
ice down my shirt I tripped almost fell
into a security guard almost walked into
a door like just it's a time I don't
know I've I've made some really good
friends here and it's really fun to hang
out with them like really fun to hang
out with them and we kind of are just
like super goofy which is exactly what I
need because I'm always so stressed and
I take a lot of things way too seriously
which is funny because the girls here
likes Hannah you're normally serious
like are you kidding me cuz I'm like
always alone like cracking jokes and
like making fun of everyone like making
fun of myself and like I don't know it's
just been so great to just laugh and
have so much fun with people and classes
starts tomorrow so I'm gonna end the
vlog here but thanks for coming around
Seoul with me this weekend and I hope I
got to show you a little bit of what I
like to do and I
we'll be vlogging more of class and like
a typical day here once classes actually
start and I actually have
responsibilities and work so look
forward to that I love you all you guys
have been so supportive recently if the
videos that I've been putting out and
just everything and I'm really really
trying to balance it all and be a lot
more consistent and I don't know just
seeing how much you guys care and like
how long you've been with me like in the
comments like it's only been like six
seven months really since I've really
started posting videos and some of you
have been with me since the very
beginning since before that when I only
had the one or the two posted and I like
didn't update anything so
[Music]